Move supportRuntimeDebugDisplay flag to global settings for HDRP & URP (#4616)
Unity-Technologies/Graphics: com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition/Documentation~/Default-Settings-Window.md

The HDRP Settings tab is part of the Graphics Settings window. To get to this tab, select **Edit > Project Settings > Graphics** and then, in the sidebar, click **HDRP Settings**.

## Volume Profiles

You can use this section to assign and edit a [Volume Profile](Volume-Profile.md) that [Volumes](Volumes.md) use by default in your Scenes. You do not need to create a Volume for this specific Volume Profile to be active, because HDRP always processes it as if it is assigned to a global Volume in the Scene, but with the lowest priority. This means that any Volume that you add to a Scene takes priority.

The Default Volume Profile Asset references a Volume Profile in the HDRP Package folder called DefaultSettingsVolumeProfile by default. Below it, you can add [Volume overrides](Volume-Components.md), and edit their properties. You can also assign your own Volume Profile to this property field. Be aware that this property must always reference a Volume Profile. If you assign your own Volume Profile and then delete it, HDRP automatically re-assigns the DefaultSettingsVolumeProfile from the HDRP Package folder.

> The LookDev Volume Profile Asset references the Volume Profile that will be used in the [LookDev window](Look-Dev.md). It works the same way than the Default Volume profile except that in this asset you can't put a [Visual Environment Component](Override-Visual-Environment.md) or skies component because they are overwritten by the LookDev.

Reviewer: Remove passive voice: 

The LookDev Volume Profile Asset references the Volume Profile HDRP uses in the [LookDev window](Look-Dev.md). This Asset works in almost the same way as the Default Volume Profile Asset, except that it overrides [Visual Environment Components](Override-Visual-Environment.md) and sky components.

## Diffusion Profile Assets

Use this section to select which custom [Diffusion Profiles](Diffusion-Profile.md) can be in view at the same time. To use more than 15 custom Diffusion Profiles in a Scene, use the [Diffusion Profile Override](Override-Diffusion-Profile.md) inside a Volume. This allows you to specify which Diffusion Profiles to use in a certain area (or in the Scene if the Volume is global).

## Frame Settings

[Frame Settings](Frame-Settings.md) control the rendering passes that Cameras make at runtime. This section allows you to set default values for the Frame Settings that all Cameras use if you do not enable their Custom Frame Settings checkbox. For information about what each property does, see [Frame Settings](Frame-Settings.md).

> 

Reviewer: Small tweaks: 

The [Frame Settings](Frame-Settings.md) control the rendering passes that Cameras make at runtime. Use this section to set default values for the Frame Settings that all Cameras use if you do not enable their Custom Frame Settings checkbox. For information about what each property does, see [Frame Settings](Frame-Settings.md).

| Lens Attenuation Mode                 | Set the attenuation mode of the lens that is used to compute exposure. With imperfect lens some energy is lost when converting from EV100 to the exposure multiplier, while a perfect lens has no attenuation and no energy is lost. |
| Use DLSS Custom Project Id            | Controls whether to use a custom project ID for the NVIDIA Deep Learning Super Sampling module. If you enable this property, you can use **DLSS Custom Project Id** to specify a custom project ID.<br/>This property only appears if you enable the NVIDIA package (com.unity.modules.nvidia) in your Unity project. |
| DLSS Custom Project Id                | Controls whether to use a custom project ID for the NVIDIA Deep Learning Super Sampling (DLSS) module. If you enable this property, you can use **DLSS Custom Project Id** to specify a custom project ID. If you disable this property, Unity generates a unique project ID. <br/>This property only appears if you enable the NVIDIA package (com.unity.modules.nvidia) in your Unity project. |

> | Runtime Debug Shaders                 | Disable this property to remove all debug display shader variants when you build for the Unity Player. This decreases build time but as a result, you cannot use Rendering Debugger in Player builds. |

Reviewer 2: Checking my understanding: 
* You can only use the Render Pipeline Debugger window with development builds if this setting is enabled
* It works by generating "debug display" shader variants

Questions:
* Which shaders generate debug display variants: the standard HDRP prebuilt ones/all shaders created using Shader Graph/something else? 
* What do the debug display variants do - e.g. enable special debug views like wireframe?
* Does a user have to do anything else to generate these variants?
* What happens in a development build if you don't generate these variants - you can't use it at all? Some modes don't work properly?

Author: Your understanding is correct. 
- The DEBUG_DISPLAY variants are generated by HDRP prebuilt and shader graph shaders. @JulienIgnace-Unity knows more about details related to HDRP.
- Things like wireframe, viewing material channels (albedo, specular etc.), lighting debug etc. Almost all debug options in Rendering Debugger Window work by activating these variants.
- If DEBUG_DISPLAY variants are not there, the debug modes do not work (renders as normal / white / black / pink - not sure actually). This PR doesn't affect this behavior.

## Resources

Resources assets list the Shaders, Materials, Textures, and other Assets needed to operate the High Definition Render Pipeline.

| **Property**              | **Description**                                              |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Player Resources**      | Stores references to Shaders and Materials that HDRP uses. When you build your Unity Project, HDRP embeds all of the resources that this Asset references. It allows you to set up multiple render pipelines in a Unity Project and, when you build the Project, Unity only embeds Shaders and Materials relevant for that pipeline. This is the Scriptable Render Pipeline equivalent of Unity’s Resources folder mechanism. When you create a new HDRP Global Settings Asset, the HDRenderPipelineRuntimeResources from HDRP package is automatically referenced in it. |

> | **Ray Tracing Resources** | Stores references to Shaders and Materials that HDRP uses for ray tracing. HDRP stores these resources in a separate Asset file then the main pipeline resources so it can use less memory for applications that don't support ray tracing. When you create a new HDRP Global Settings Asset, the HDRenderPipelineRayTracingResources from HDRP package is automatically referenced in it if your project use ray tracing. |

Reviewer: Replace "then" with "from": 

"...HDRP stores these resources in a separate Asset file from the main pipeline resources so that it can use less memory for applications that don't support ray tracing..."

Author: @Vic-Cooper thanks for looking over these! Just to clarify what I've changed here - I've only added documentation that relates to HDRP/URP Global Settings Assets. All other changes are simply reorganizing the documentation so that they appear in the same order as the settings UI itself, to make it easier for people to read; sadly the diffs don't make this easy to see. I'm happy to make the all of the suggested changes if you prefer, but just wanted to clarify that this PR didn't add them :)

Reviewer: That's alright! As I take over docs I haven't touched before I might see the occasional thing I'd like to tweak (a few typos and things). 
The content here is otherwise great :)

| Lens Attenuation Mode                 | Set the attenuation mode of the lens that is used to compute exposure. With imperfect lens some energy is lost when converting from EV100 to the exposure multiplier, while a perfect lens has no attenuation and no energy is lost. |
| Use DLSS Custom Project Id            | Controls whether to use a custom project ID for the NVIDIA Deep Learning Super Sampling module. If you enable this property, you can use **DLSS Custom Project Id** to specify a custom project ID.<br/>This property only appears if you enable the NVIDIA package (com.unity.modules.nvidia) in your Unity project. |
| DLSS Custom Project Id                | Controls whether to use a custom project ID for the NVIDIA Deep Learning Super Sampling (DLSS) module. If you enable this property, you can use **DLSS Custom Project Id** to specify a custom project ID. If you disable this property, Unity generates a unique project ID. <br/>This property only appears if you enable the NVIDIA package (com.unity.modules.nvidia) in your Unity project. |

> | Runtime Debug Shaders                 | When enabled, Unity includes shader variants that let you use the Render Pipeline Debugger window to debug your build. When disabled, Unity excludes ("strips") these variants. Enable this when you want to debug your shaders in the Render Pipeline Debugger window, and disable it otherwise. |

Author: @reallyfancy thanks! Only thing I'd restore is that the window is now called "Rendering Debugger" in the UI, so I believe the docs should use the same term.

```suggestion
| Runtime Debug Shaders                 | When enabled, Unity includes shader variants that let you use the Rendering Debugger window to debug your build. When disabled, Unity excludes ("strips") these variants. Enable this when you want to debug your shaders in the Rendering Debugger window, and disable it otherwise. |
```
